Reorganize Fleet documentation (#12871)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

### List activities

> Returns a list of the activities that have been performed in Fleet as well as additional meta data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a list of the activities that have been performed in Fleet as well as additional metadata
```

> for pagination. For a comprehensive list of activity types and detailed information, please see the [Audit logs](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/audit-activities) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for pagination. For a comprehensive list of activity types and detailed information, please see the [audit logs](https://fleetdm.com/docs/using-fleet/audit-activities) page.
```
